No agent PR descriptions (#45790)
huggingface/transformers: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

code agents. We are currently bottlenecked by our ability to review and respond to them. As a result, 
**we ask that new users do not submit pure code agent PRs** at this time. 
You may use code agents in drafting or to help you diagnose issues. We'd also ask autonomous "OpenClaw"-like agents

> not to open any PRs or issues for the moment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not to open any PRs or issues for the moment.
```

PRs that appear to be fully agent-written will probably be closed without review, and we may block users who do this
repeatedly or maliciously. We will also close PRs with AI-written descriptions. This is deliberately intended

> to create friction to discourage low-effort "slop" PRs. If a PR is too insignificant to be worth writing a decription for, it's probably not worth our time to review!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repeatedly or maliciously. We will also close PRs with purely AI-written descriptions. This is deliberately intended
to create friction to discourage low-effort "slop" PRs. If a PR is too insignificant to be worth writing a description for, it's probably not worth our time to review!
```
